Hey! In this video, I'm going
to show you the Top 10 foods that does NOT
affect your blood sugar. These are both healthy,
beneficial and of course perfect for people
with both types of Diabetes.\
\
Before we get started I just wanted to share
a quick little tip for you who are just starting
out with eating healthier and different and
that have a hard time getting rid of all the
carbohydrates. A great thing with protein
and fat is that it slows down the conversion
from food to blood sugar which means if you're
still eating carbohydrates -even though I
recommend trying to get rid of as much as
possible- you can add fat and protein to your
meal to slow down the absorption of the carbohydrates
which means you will not get as strong peak
in the blood sugar as you would have with
the carbohydrates alone.\
\
Now that said, it still will affect your blood
sugar but just for you who hasn't started
out or have a 100% commitment, it's a step
in the right direction.\
\
NOW, let's look at those Top 10 foods that
does not affect the blood sugar. Bare in mind
that this list has no specific order and the
first or last one doesn't mean they're the
best or healthiest.\
\
Ok, so number 1:\
Onion & Garlic. Is very healthy and beneficial
and is actually the food that has less pesticides
and chemicals on them of the conventional
food (if you feel that organic is too expensive)
which makes it cheaper and easier to buy since
it's not that big difference between the organic
ones.\
\
So, garlic is really awesome for TONS of stuff.
It helps for example with:\
High cholesterol\
Poor digestion\
Diabetes and Blood sugar of course\
Yeast infections\
Boost immune system\
Increase absorption of iron and zinc\
Antioxidants\
Cold and flu\
It's anti-fungal\
Parasites\
Allergies and so on.\
\
Back in the ol' days, I'm talking like hundreds
and thousands of years, this was used a lot
by doctors since already then, they knew how
great garlic was.\
\
Onions are a very good source of vitamin C,
B6, biotin, chromium, calcium and dietary
fiber. In addition, they contain good amounts
of folic acid and vitamin B1 and K.\
It's also a great help for the liver.\
\
Number 2:\
Leafy greens.\
This is the most important part of my meals.
Leafy greens are so healthy, full of micronutrients
like vitamins and minerals, are very beneficial
for the body in so many ways and they are
alkaline which supports a tremendous amount
of health, especially in this world where
almost all "normal" food is so acid for our
bodies.\
This is just pure superfood with no effect
on the blood sugar.\
\
Number 3:\
Fatty seeds.\
Healthy seeds full of healthy fats like flaxseeds,
pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, chia seeds
and alfalfa seeds are super healthy and are
very high in fat and protein and have either
no carbs or low amount and almost exclusively
all of those carbs are dietary fiber and according
to my experiences with seeds and also according
to nutritiondata.self.com which is a huge
database with food and their nutrition, these
seeds have no Glycemic load which is a number
that measure how much it effects the blood
sugar.\
\
So next time you put cereal in your yogurt,
replace it with some great seeds or just eat
them as they are as snacks.\
\
Number 4:\
Avocados. This is truly my candy throughout
the day! It's delicious, can be used in many
ways and easy to prepare and eat, have as
a snack or whatever you want. Avocado is full
of healthy vitamins and minerals as well and
also have a great amount of the healthy fatty
acids Omega 3 and 6.\
It's also full of Vitamin A, C, E, K, B6,
Folate and it's also anti-inflammatory.\
\
Ok, so number 5:\
Coconut. If you eat the raw meat, cocoflakes
or the coconut oil, you will not have to worry
about your blood sugar since Coconut has a
high amount of fat and most of the carbs are
dietary fiber and it has basically no Glycemic
load at all. I always use coconut oil if I
cook something (which is very rarely) and
I also just eat it as it is or use it for
baking raw desserts of some sort.\
\
Number 6 is nuts.\
Nuts like walnuts, hazelnuts, peanuts or almonds
are super high in healthy fats and proteins
as well, barely any carb (which again is just
dietary fiber) and is very anti-inflammatory.
Short said: Nuts are healthy, great snacks
that doesn't mess with your blood sugar. Just
be little more careful with the cashew as
they tend to have more carbs but again, it's
nothing like a glass of juice or a snickers
bar but I've seen a little raise in my blood
sugar with cashew when I really go nuts and
eat like 100-200grams of it which makes sense
since the Glycemic load is 11 per 100gram
and over 15 it is classified as affecting
the blood sugar so it's close but the other
ones are no problem.\
\
Number 7:\
Herbs. Basil, cilantro, oregano, mint, lemon
balm and so on are very good because they
have basically no macronutrients, which is
the proteins, the fat and the carbs, but instead
a lot of vitamins and minerals so they have
no effect on the blood sugar but gives great
taste to food and have healthy vitamins and
minerals and a lot of cleansing and healing
properties. Make sure they are organic and
fresh or do as I do, plant your own!\
\
Number 8:\
Eggs. A great source of the very essential
vitamin B12 and good amount of protein and
fat. No effect on the blood sugar and a great
way to start the day and they're easy to cook
and cheap as well. What not to love? Just
be careful not to eat too much since eggs
are a dairy product which makes our body acids
so compensate with an avocado and some salad
to it, that's what I do for breakfast and
I love it!\
\
Number 9:\
Again, this is top 10 foods that doesn't affect
the blood sugar and even though you might
know I promote a very high alkaline diet,
for some people or in some times, you have
to use some dairy products and that's ok,
as long as it's not more than the alkaline
food and not too often. So here goes number
9 which is Butter and cheese. And I'm talking
real real butter without any additives, that
is high in fat and is just.. pure butter!
Cheese is harder to mess around with but even
though, the animals that the cheese is made
from can have been treated badly and been
fed growth hormones which of course affects
the outcome of the cheese products so make
sure it's organic here as well.\
\
So
the last but not least, number 10 is:\
Oils.\
Oils are 100% fat and you got to be very delicate
and careful with what you choose. I only use
organic coconut oil, organic cold pressed
extra virgin olive oil or organic hemp oil.
I always make sure that it's organic, high
quality and nothing bogus in it because using
normal conventional sunflower oil, or palm
oil and all those other mixes are just pure
crap and bottles of chemical shit storm, frankly
speaking.\
\
But the good ones are fantastic to have on
your food to spice up the flavor or to cook
if you have to and of course my favorite,
make your own pesto!\
\
So now, you've been going through the Top
10 Foods that doesn't affect the blood sugar
and you also saw what health benefits and
properties they have. So a quick recap:\
\
Number 1:\
Onions and garlic - great body cleansers in
so many ways\
\
Number 2:\
Leafy greens, these are just made for everything
and is truly superfood.\
\
Number 3:\
Seeds. Can be used in several ways, full of
great fats and vitamins & minerals.\
\
Number 4:\
Avocado. My personal favorite that is the
perfect snack or side dish to any meal\
\
Number 5:\
Coconut. Full of fat, delicious flavor and
comes in many ways and forms like oils, fat,
flakes, flour and so on.\
\
Number 6:\
Nuts. Great snack and replacement for candy
and great to have instead of cereal or granola
in your yogurt or milk.\
\
Number 7:\
Herbs. Mostly full of micronutrients instead
of protein, fats and carbs and of course spice
up the food and make it more alive and has
many ways to benefit the body and your overall
health.\
\
Number 8:\
Eggs. Perfect for breakfast, a lot of uses
in baking and cooking and a great source of
the essential Vitamin B12.\
\
Number 9:\
Butter and cheese. Acid for the body so keep
it in moderation but as you know has many
uses in our lives and cheese is delicious
to frikkin' everything in my opinion. Full
of fat, no problems for the blood sugar.\
\
And number 10 which is oils that we also have
great use for in our kitchen.\
\
And as I always recommend, keep everything
you buy as local, as clean from chemicals
and as organic as possible and even consider
growing your own in your garden, it's really
not that hard and I will make a video about
that in the future but until then, Google
can offer you
a lot of help.\
\
I hope this video gave you a lot of value
and help and if it did, please like the video
on the button below.\
\
My name is Marcus Grip and talk to you soon!}